fix: check for env vars tree-shaken in browser bundles (#108)
awslabs/aws-sdk-js-find-v2: .changeset/wild-numbers-cheer.md

---
"@aws-sdk/find-v2": patch
---

> Enable checking for env vars which were tree-shaken for browser builds

Author: ```suggestion
Enable search for env vars which were tree-shaken in browser bundles
```
